=The Truth=
=Episode 21=
(Flint Bar)
Huashan's hottest spot right now.
The owner is called Monkey.
He's said to be Bao Hei's
biggest distributor now.
Monkey and Bao Hei
have been at odds for a while.
There are rumors saying
Monkey plans to retire and go clean.
Another story goes
that he's been infiltrated
by the police.
You did your homework?
Can't fight a battle unprepared, right?
Monkey has a record of Bao Hei's
dirty dealings all these years.
Bao Hei is worried
that if Monkey really defects,
it'll fall into police hands.
So he sent us to handle it.
It's that simple?
If it's really so important to Bao Hei,
why did Bao Hei wait until today?
And let outsiders like us get involved?
Based on Bao Hei's side of the story,
he doesn't want
to confront Monkey just yet.
Monkey doesn't know us.
So this job is for the two of us.
If it works out, everyone's happy.
If it doesn't, he doesn't lose much.
Any clues?
That thing is right here.
(Floor Plan)
It's on Monkey's office computer.
About four or five guards are there.
Plus the bar's security.
The computer password?
You've asked too many questions today.
We're not just here
for the record of dirty dealings, right?
Try it.
What?
Perfect.
First time at a bar?
You look nervous.
It is my first time.
Then just follow me later.
Don't be afraid.
Beauty.
Don't go overboard later, okay?
Hi there!
What can I get for you two?
Get him a cola.
Okay, just a moment.
Just like I told you.
I love your lip color.
He's so sleazy.
Seriously? He had to order alcohol.
Is that so?
Are you ready yet?
Yeah.
Together.
Come on.
Thanks.
Let's have one here.
Bottoms up.
Where are you going?
Handsome, where's the dance floor?
It's over there.
I'm a bit drunk.
Take me there.
She wants you to take her in.
Just hurry up.
Okay.
Keep your voice down.
Shake it.
What are you doing?
I'm talking to you.
You scoundrel. Can't you see us?
Exactly.
What the heck?
What's this?
Want to die?
Want a fight?
Knock it off.
Stop fighting.
Come in.
Boss,
there's trouble.
Troublemakers?
Where are they from? Who's with them?
Call more people to hold them down.
You bunch of good-for-nothings.
(Copying...)
(Sales Revenue)
Hurry.
Go back first.
(Copying...)
You're so slow.
How's it going?
How much longer?
Almost done.
After them!
Go!
- Let's go.
- Move.
Get up.
Boss,
it's done.
Did you remember to tip off Monkey?
I did.
Have a drink.
Thanks, Boss.
Isn't it hot?
It's okay.
Must be an accident.
Traffic's backed up.
There's an accident ahead.
Be careful and drive slowly.
An accident ahead.
Officer.
I'm with Yunxi CID.
What's going on?
A small truck has overturned.
Yunxi CID?
Here in Huashan on a case?
Yes.
My colleague.
She's exhausted after a long day.
Is the overturn serious?
Nothing major.
Just blocked the road.
You've worked hard.
This section
has many big trucks at night.
Drive safely on the road.
Okay, thanks.
You've worked hard too.
You actually called me your colleague?
You lied without hesitation.
How impressive you've become.
We're cooperating right now.
Calling us colleagues
is no problem.
Drive safely.
Haven't seen that tail
since the toll booth.
Why did they stop?
Isn't it better this way?
But that black Buick behind us
has been tailing us for a while.
I noticed long ago.
Hold on tight.
It's a Huashan plate.
Monkey's men?
Pretty quick on their feet.
That isn't the only one.
There are more behind.
Looks like Bao Hei's trying
to make things harder for us.
Hold on tight.
Get them! Get them!
Watch out.
Reverse! Reverse! Reverse and chase!
Go!
Hurry!
- Go!
Go! After them!
Split up and search!
Go!
- After them!
- Go!
Go! After them!
Go.
Over there.
Okay.
Watch out!
Go!
Over there!
Hurry!
Cops are here.
Let's go.
Move.
(Yunxi Police Department)
Your simulation results
match the crime scene data closest.
How do you explain that?
How is that possible?
There must be some mistake.
I had no grudge against Ding Youcai.
We were close.
So you scammed him for 50,000
because you were close?
No.
Ding Youcai threatened to report you.
So in a rage, you killed him.
No.
It wasn't me.
If not you, then how do you explain
this photo of you fleeing the scene?
Look closely.
Impossible. It can't be.
Captain Leng, we found it.
Where?
Right in his office.
We found the murder weapon back then.
That push dagger is at the lab now.
Wh-what? Someone's framing me.
I clearly threw it...
Where did you throw it?
Leniency for confession.
It's not too late to talk now.
Officers,
I'm afraid even if I tell you,
you won't believe me.
Actually, it... it was just an accident.
That day,
Ding Youcai asked me to come over.
I didn't want to go at first.
He said he had something
more important to discuss with me.
So after thinking it over,
I decided to go.
Ding Youcai,
we're in the middle of nowhere.
What's this about?
Something good.
Something good?
Ding Youcai,
why exactly did you want to see me?
What did Ding Youcai want
with you that day?
What else could it be?
All that fuss
was all about that 50,000 yuan.
He told me
that his young wife had just found out
she was pregnant again.
She needed care.
They needed money.
He wanted me
to return that 50,000 yuan to him.
I mean,
I just made
a bit of hard-earned commission.
I even found him a wife.
What's wrong
with a little price difference?
Get to the point.
That day, he was drunk.
That guy couldn't hold his liquor.
And he was a mean drunk.
First, he called Yu Meigui
and yelled at her.
Then he started acting up.
He pulled out that dagger
and tried to stab me with it.
He stabbed me.
You scammed me.
I'll kill you.
Ding Youcai,
what are you doing?
Are you crazy?
What's wrong with you?
What?
You scammed me.
Ding...
Ding Youcai?
Believe me.
I really didn't mean to.
It was self-defense.
Why did you take the murder weapon?
I saw it on a legal TV show.
It... it would have fingerprints on it.
Where did you throw it?
That thing
went in easy
but came out hard.
I struggled a lot to pull it out.
Got blood all over my hands.
I just stuffed it in my pocket.
On the way back,
I tossed it into a sewer drain.
Do you remember the exact location?
It's been too long. I forgot.
Easy. Easy.
Give it to me.
- Come on.
- Here.
Slow down.
Be careful.
Careful.
Well? Got anything?
Nothing yet.
Next spot. Let's go.
Grab the gear.
Give me a hand. Come on.
I'll go down. I'll go.
Be careful.
- Here.
- Careful. Easy.
It's fine.
- Slowly.
- Okay, got it.
Okay.
Watch your step.
Well? Find anything?
Nothing so far.
How many more spots?
Two.
If we don't find it,
we'll have to widen the search.
It's the last one, right?
Long, this is the last one.
I'll do it.
I'll turn the light on.
Be safe.
Take it slow.
Careful.
Watch your footing.
Slow down, Long.
Be careful.
How is it, Long?
Find anything?
Nothing.
Let me look again.
Got it.
Easy now. Easy.
Here.
Give it to me.
Watch your step.
Wrap it up.
The prosecutor's office will handle
your case fairly according to the law.
Thank you.
What about her?
The case of Yu Meigui organizing
illegal cross-border marriage agencies
has been handed over
to the relevant authorities.
An investigation into potential fraud
and harboring is underway.
This is the DNA test report.
The evidence shows...
Seems you already know.
Working backwards
from the baby's birth date,
I rarely went back to that place
during that period.
Nothing happened between us at all.
Then why did you...?
When she came to me pregnant,
I knew she wouldn't want
to keep that child.
Even though he's not my son,
he's still my brother.
Please keep this secret for me.
Is that okay?
(Fang Qihang was sentenced to life for)
(organizing illegal border crossings,
trafficking women for profit,)
(and murdering Ding Youcai.)
(Ruan Shihong and others)
(committed marriage fraud,
for which they will be prosecuted.)
Wh-What's going on?
I tried to bathe your dad.
He wouldn't let me.
Look at me. I'm soaking wet.
You know what?
I won't do this job
for any amount of money.
Look.
Look how he scratched me.
Sorry about it.
How about I add another 800 yuan?
What's the point?
With your dad like this,
get him to a hospital.
You need to accept the reality sooner.
Dad,
what's going on?
Who is that hooligan?
He's the caregiver I hired for you.
To take care of you.
Who are you?
I'm your son.
You are my father.
My son? Wait.
Who am I?
You are my father,
named Leng Xingguo.
I am your son,
named Leng Qiming.
- Remember?
- Wrong.
Wrong.
You... why are you in my house?
Dad,
we are family.
So we have to live together.
Family?
Where's my mom?
Where's my mom? I want to see my mom.
I'm begging you. Please.
I want to see my mom.
Let my mom come.
Get up.
I want to see my mom. Let my mom come.
I miss my mom.
Mom.
(No-Name Diner)
Jiao,
I'm attending
the charity adoption sale event today.
I'm taking the noon off.
They'll handle the shop later.
Got it.
I've thought it through.
Let's not adopt after all.
Having a dog
means facing separation eventually.
From now on, I'll make things
for the adoption agency's charity sales.
Whatever you say.
Ten yuan per box.
Green ingredients.
Homemade.
Suitable for all dogs.
Like Akitas
and Toy Poodles.
(Charity Sale, Gathering Warmth)
And Gold... Golden Retrievers.
All of them.
Smell it.
Pure and natural.
Adopt a dog today, get three boxes free.
Ten yuan per box.
They've all had their shots.
Vaccinated too.
Rest assured.
Thanks for your kindness.
Thank you.
Handmade.
Ten yuan. Ten yuan.
My dog is six months old.
It can have these.
A single box
lasts a six-month-old puppy a full week.
I'll take two boxes then.
Two boxes, right?
(Take Me Home)
Okay, thanks.
Here.
Please scan here.
(Love Me? Take Me)
We're here for charity.
(Pet Adoption)
How much per box?
It's ten yuan. Ten yuan.
(Adopt Strays with Love)
Yes, that's right.
Here, little one.
Come here, come here.
Have some water.
Aren't you hot?
Here you go.
Jing, here is an adoption flyer.
Take a look if you're interested.
You're very caring towards dogs.
The most important condition
for adoption
is to treat them like family
and never abandon them.
You perfectly meet the criteria.
Okay, thanks.
We'll not adopt, however.
Alright.
Time's up. Let's head back for now.
Okay.
Good. Come on.
Good.
Puppies are so adorable.
(Charity Sale, Gathering Warmth)
(Care for the Elderly,
Filial Piety Throughout the World)
Please take good care
of my dad.
You're too kind.
Mr. Leng is a respected senior.
Rest assured,
he will receive excellent care here.
And you shouldn't be too pessimistic.
Although Mr. Leng's condition
has progressed rapidly,
we've had patients
in similar situations before.
After a period of intensive treatment,
they showed improvement.
He might not need
long-term hospitalization.
Okay.
You have my number?
Yes, I do.
Call me if needed.
Appreciate it.
Alright.
Dad,
I've got you a caregiver.
If you need anything, just tell him.
If he can't solve it,
have him go find a nurse.
Your things,
like food, drinks, supplements,
are all in this drawer.
Be especially careful
when you get up at night
to use the bathroom.
Take it slow.
Watch me. Do it slowly like this.
Open your eyes slowly.
Stand up.
Move around a bit.
Then amble your way to the bathroom.
Lift the lid up.
Don't forget that.
Hold on with one hand.
Do your business here.
Don't rush. Take your time.
Make sure
to shake it off properly, got it?
Otherwise, in this heat,
you could get chafing,
Dad.
Why aren't you going inside?
I just got here.
How's your dad in the hospital?
He's okay.
Let's go then.
They're waiting for you to sing.
I'll come in later.
Alright, I'll head in first.
Hurry.
Young man,
do you work in the same place as Leng?
Is it a permanent position?
It's fine.
Even if it's just a temp job,
it's not ordinary anyway.
Are you local?
Yes, I am.
You're not seeing anyone, right?
My granddaughter
just got her master's degree
from a top-tier university.
She landed a job at a foreign company
as soon as she graduated.
Foreign companies
aren't stable these days.
(Meeting Bao Hei to set next meet.)
Government jobs are the most secure.
(I'll send you the details later.)
Right?
You should consider my daughter.
A middle school teacher.
At a key school, not a homeroom teacher,
with summer and winter breaks.
Your younger daughter
is several years older than him.
How could that be possible?
Why wouldn't it be possible?
She's not that much older.
An older wife is a treasure.
What's wrong with having more wealth?
Alright, alright.
Go dance. Come on, go dance.
It can wait.
Come on, let's dance too.
Young man,
you should consider my granddaughter.
Okay.
She is a master's graduate.
I'm taking a break.
Okay.
Go rest.
Look.
My daughter is great.
Your daughter is older
than that young man.
I give up.
You didn't even step in to help me out.
That's why I said right away
that I have a girlfriend.
From your tone,
things must be going well.
Tell me about it.
Don't ask what you shouldn't.
When exactly did you get
that injury on your face?
Classified.
Long. Long.
It's the last dance.
Dance with us.
I...
This is our favorite song.
Okay.
You ladies are so energetic.
♪Replacing the weight of tears
with that of sweat♪
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪